Mr. Zhao
Please don't let him hurt your body
He was young, frivolous and insensible
It's also Lili to give him another chance
See if he can defuse this crisis
Dad, please forgive me
Please give me another chance.
If it still looks like this in the end
You and I don't have to live up to this anymore
My death has nothing to do with you
stand up
Butler, go and call my friends
OK
Hello, it's Zixuan.
Xiao Zhao
Our company is also short of funds now.
No money, I'll lend you 100,000 100,000
It's not fucking comparable
When I treated you to dinner
Mr. Zhao
I'm here to ask for your resignation today.
You haven't been paid for so long.
I have old and young
Can't do it
Can you hold on a little longer?
You are the core figure of the company
How can the company go on without you?
The company will be fine in two days.
Mr. Zhao, I quit too
Don't look down on people
I can borrow money
Hello godfather, it's me Zixuan
Can you lend me some money?
Turn around and see your nephew
Yo Yo Yo, I'm sorry.
My eldest brother plays golf and doesn't have time to answer the phone
Xu Tao is my name, you remember it clearly
Don't provoke it again
Otherwise you will only be worse off
With perseverance
What's going on?
Congratulations on triggering the Magic Treasure box
You have completed your first task
Bankruptcy rewards you 100 billion yuan
After that, all our tasks will revolve around
Xu Tao completes the task
I wish you success.